In the entire mining system of blockchain, trust is the basis of network operation, and the consensus mechanism is used to maintain trust. An excellent consensus mechanism is the basis for the better development of blockchain projects.

At present, there are more than 30 kinds of consensus mechanisms in cryptocurrency world. The most common ones are POW, POS, DPOS and POST among them.

CODE pioneered POC (Proof of Code) as the consensus mechanism, which is based on IPFS for incentive layer. 

	First, to ensure that the code has its only owner, the Ctrl + C plus Ctrl + V operation will be recognized and prohibited by the system.
	Second, the developer who write the code (rather than the copier) has full ownership of the code, including authorizing, updating and releasing the code, or earning profits, etc.

Under the above preconditions, submitting the code on CODE Chain will get CODE coin rewards 
according to POC:

1.	Define valid code size: the system will identify the useful lines of code in total, and developers will receive their CODE coin rewards according to the ratio of their useful lines to the total valid lines at the same block. 

2.	CODE coin mining rewards: whenever a certain amount of valid code is submitted without bugs, the block height of the CODE chain will increase by one, and some CODE coin will be produced at the same time. These CODE coins will be allocated to developers in proportion to the amount of their valid lines of code. The mining difficulty will increase as the height of the block increases, and the reward will be halved every time it reaches a certain height.

3.	Income generated by calling code: Developers’ code can be called and integrated into a relatively complete functional product and run on the CODE chain. Whenever the code is called, the caller (including other developers, or users who use the product) needs to pay some CODE coin to developers. After a certain amount of functions and applications running on the CODE chain, a large number of users will use them, so that the earnings generated by the call will be the main income of the developers.
