In 2019, with the popularization of blockchain technology, people have higher requirements for the application of blockchain technology. Currently, most of the public chains such as BTC, ETH, and EOS can only solve single problems such as financial transfer, but unable to solve other applicable problems. 

The CODE Chain is a new-style code development system based on blockchain technology, and the mission of which is to build a basic blockchain technology development platform that is fair, transparent and simple for millions of developers. CODE consists of the following parts, which work together on this new peer-to-peer development platform.

1.	CODE relies on blockchain technology to achieve safe and credible incentives;
2.	By implementing POC (proof-of-code), CODE can better reflect the value of the code;
3.	With IPFS protocol network as the underlying technology, CODE can better protect the rights of platform developers.

CODE is built on a secure, scalable, and reliable blockchain that allows everyone to participate in the development of the CODE chain, and millions of people can enjoy the services of their derivatives. Imagine that on the CODE Chain, your technical achievements belong to yourself instead of any company or organization. The code you develop can be referenced by other developers, the corresponding products can serve thousands of people, while you, the owner, can fully enjoy the benefits and glory of your code.

CODE also proposes a solution that allows procedures to run in a peer-to-peer environment (public chain) and prevents code from being stolen. The network adds timestamps to all code by random hashing and incorporates them into an incentive layer chain which is based on random hashing. In this way, the code submission record cannot be modified so that the developers can ensure their ownership of the procedures. 

At the same time, all code runs on an IPFS protocol network, so the system itself requires very little infrastructure. Anyone can simply provide bandwidth and storage to become a node, and nodes can leave and rejoin the network at any time. 
